NMS-13973: Create Backup/Restore docs (#4484)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/upgrade/disaster-recovery/introduction.adoc

[[restore]]
= Restoring OpenNMS {page-component-title} 

OpenNMS {page-component-title} binaries, logs, RRD archives, configurations and the database will be restored.
NOTE: In this example the backup storage path is `/backup` for demonstration purposes.

[[restore-objectives]]
== Objectives

* Restore backup of OpenNMS {page-component-title} components
* Install PostgreSQL database and restore backup
* Install OpenJDK 
* Create systemd OpenNMS service unit

[[restore-requirements]]
== Requirements

> * The backups that were made in [[backup-debian-ubuntu]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The backup that was made in [[backup-debian-ubuntu]]
```
Using "backup" singular, as I see it as a "system" backup, even though there are component backups involved. But open to feedback if you feel plural is better.

* System user with administrative permissions (sudo) to perform installation
* Internet access to download and install OpenJDK and PostgreSQL

> NOTE: PostgreSQL link:https://www.postgresql.org/about/news/announcing-apt-archivepostgresqlorg-2024/[archive repository] provides also older PostgreSQL versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: PostgreSQL link:https://www.postgresql.org/about/news/announcing-apt-archivepostgresqlorg-2024/[archive repository] also provides older PostgreSQL versions.
```

* Database password for `opennms` and `postgres` user

> == Restore Backups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Restore Backup
```
